Update readme.md (#1750)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/116-javascript-memory-management/readme.md

> # Javascript memory management
> 
> Low-level languages like C, have manual memory management primitives such as malloc() and free(). In contrast, JavaScript automatically allocates memory when objects are created and frees it when they are not used anymore (garbage collection). This automaticity is a potential source of confusion: it can give developers the false impression that they don't need to worry about memory management.
> 
> https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Memory_Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Memory Management

Low-level languages like C, have manual memory management primitives such as malloc() and free(). In contrast, JavaScript automatically allocates memory when objects are created and frees it when they are not used anymore (garbage collection). This automaticity is a potential source of confusion: it can give developers the false impression that they don't need to worry about memory management.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/garbage-collection'>JavaScript Garbage Collection</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Memory_Management'>Memory Management in JavaScript</BadgeLink>
```
